https://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=woolybear-wild%20lettuce.jpg
https://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=brown%20scoopwing-nannyberry.jpg
https://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=Morning%20cloak-willow.jpg
https://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=retarded%20daggermoth-bottlebrush%20buckeye.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=Clymene haploa.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=red spotted purple-black cherry.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=interrupted dagger moth-elm.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=pink patch looper-meadow rue.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=monarch.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=Io moth-birch.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=Polyphemus moth-birch.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=Spice bush swallowtail-spicebush.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=Hickory horned devil-hickory.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=tiger swallowtail-tulip poplar.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=white marked tussock moth-willow.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=Camouflaged looper-asters.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=green leuconycta-aster.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=red humped caterpillar-crabapple.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=giant leopard moth-sunflower.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=Fawn sphinx-ash.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=promethea moth.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=snowberry clearwing-coral honeysuckle.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=apple sphinx-blueberry.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=Luna moth.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=white-lined sphinx-evening primrose.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=primrose moth-evening primrose.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=Showy emerald-sumac.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=Hickory tussock moth-hickory.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=cecropia moth-willow.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=Cuculio asteroides-aster.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=brown-hooded owlet-goldenrod.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=crocus geometer-elm.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=large lace border-blueberry.jpg
https://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=spun%20glass%20caterpillar-oak.jpg
https://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=white-furcula-prunus.jpg
https://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=green%20striped%20mapleworm-maple.jpg
https://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=Viceroy-willow.jpg
https://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=elm%20sphinx-elm.jpg
https://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=definite%20tussock%20moth-birch.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=variable%20oakleaf%20caterpillar-oak.jpg
https://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=pale%20beauty-alder.jpg
https://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=purple-crested%20slug-basswood.jpg
https://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=paddle%20caterpillar-black%20cherry.jpg
https://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=walnut%20sphinx-black%20walnut.jpg
http://mothphotographersgroup.msstate.edu/Large/DR2937-LARGE.jpg
https://bugguide.net/images/cache/PZK/LGZ/PZKLGZSL9ZGHJH2HAHXHAH6HJHPHVH5HOHKL4ZGHAHZL4Z8HCHXH8ZXH8ZML1Z8LYHNHWZUHAZ4LAZWHRRGLLR8H8Z.jpg
https://www.butterfliesandmoths.org/sites/default/files/bamona_images/p5280083-800_1.jpg
https://www.butterfliesandmoths.org/sites/default/files/bamona_images/tornos_scolopacinaria_-_dimorphic_gray_cat_090814a.jpg
https://bugguide.net/images/cache/IRY/Z0R/IRYZ0RFZGR9LQZALXZOL0Z6LZZNLZZYZYLVL7ZVL7ZZHIZBLFLOZYLDZ3LPL3L3ZLZ3ZZZYZIRQHGRVLGRDL6RSHXZBL.jpg
https://www.butterfliesandmoths.org/sites/default/files/filefield_paths/scudders-epiblema17988m2.jpg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c8/Cucullia_speyeri_larva.jpg
http://mothphotographersgroup.msstate.edu/Files1/ELG/300/ELG3684-360.jpg
http://mothphotographersgroup.msstate.edu/Large/JMc10955-LARGE.jpg
http://mothphotographersgroup.msstate.edu/Files1/Live/KeCh/KeCh7071_225.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=small-eyed sphinx-cherry.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=tulip tree silk moth.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=hummingbird clearwing-Viburnum.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=coral hairstreak-black cherry.jpg
https://bugguide.net/images/cache/FL2/LZZ/FL2LZZPLMZOZ6RQHPRJZKR3ZSRPLYLVLKZOLLZNLFLPLRZNLYLDZ3LOZYL1LSZHH7ZALFLBLXZAL4R1LMZWLFL3ZSR.jpg
http://mothphotographersgroup.msstate.edu/Files1/Live/MD/MD9428.jpg
https://mnfi.anr.msu.edu/element-images/Hesperia-metea-5238.jpg
https://www.butterfliesandmoths.org/sites/default/files/styles/bamona_scale_and_crop_480x360/public/bamona_images/polites_origenes71308c.jpg?itok=8VxmhllI
https://www.butterfliesandmoths.org/sites/default/files/bamona_images/Amblyscirtes-vialis-AWT-1_0.jpg
https://www.butterfliesandmoths.org/sites/default/files/styles/bamona_scale_and_crop_480x360/public/bamona_images/Atrytonopsis_hiannaTNPolk10May2008StephenWJohnson.jpg?itok=s_nFrt5B
https://www.butterfliesandmoths.org/sites/default/files/styles/bamona_scale_and_crop_480x360/public/bamona_images/nastra_lherminier81007c.jpg?itok=bqboF9Ym
https://www.butterfliesandmoths.org/sites/default/files/bamona_images/P1160294x.jpg
http://mothphotographersgroup.msstate.edu/Files1/Live/MQ/MQ8745-300-JA.jpg
https://www.butterfliesandmoths.org/sites/default/files/bamona_images/10368-lacinipolia_meditata-thinker-b-img_0921_0.jpg
http://mothphotographersgroup.msstate.edu/Files1/JDom/300/JDom10648-300.jpg
https://www.butterfliesandmoths.org/sites/default/files/bamona_images/clouded_skipper003_1.jpg
https://live.staticflickr.com/4074/4741945001_743823e783_b.jpg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/44/Spodoptera_frugiperda.jpg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4f/Argyrogramma_verruca_P1310021b.jpg/800px-Argyrogramma_verruca_P1310021b.jpg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d9/Pseudoplusia_includens.jpg/1920px-Pseudoplusia_includens.jpg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/81/Spodoptera_dolichos.jpg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3c/-_4755_%E2%80%93_Elophila_obliteralis_%E2%80%93_Waterlily_Leafcutter_Moth_%2821628533666%29_%282%29.jpg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4f/Clepsis_melaleucana_1.jpg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Euplexia_benesimilis.jpg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/38/Besma_quercivoraria_03.jpg/640px-Besma_quercivoraria_03.jpg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/5e/Hesperia_leonardus_leonardus.JPG/640px-Hesperia_leonardus_leonardus.JPG
http://mothphotographersgroup.msstate.edu/Files1/JV/300/JV10316-300-26.jpg
http://mothphotographersgroup.msstate.edu/Files1/Live/CVDB/CVDB10317-225-4.jpg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/40/Bristly_Cutworm_Moth_0769.9.18.07.w.wiki.jpg
http://mothphotographersgroup.msstate.edu/Large/CaWo3711-LARGE.jpg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f7/Hitched_Arches_caterpillar_-_Melanchra_adjuncta%2C_Friendsville%2C_Maryland_-_27709279251.jpg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/59/Indian_Skipper_%28Hesperia_sassacus%29_on_Hieracium_canadense%2C_Mer_Bleue.jpg/330px-Indian_Skipper_%28Hesperia_sassacus%29_on_Hieracium_canadense%2C_Mer_Bleue.jpg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2f/Variegated_Fritillary%2C_Megan_McCarty83.jpg/330px-Variegated_Fritillary%2C_Megan_McCarty83.jpg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/05/Butterfly_in_Jamaica_Bay_Wildlife_Refuge_%2841100%29.jpg/330px-Butterfly_in_Jamaica_Bay_Wildlife_Refuge_%2841100%29.jpg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/29/Callophrys_augustinus_2.jpg/330px-Callophrys_augustinus_2.jpg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/57/Archips_purpurana.jpg/330px-Archips_purpurana.jpg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e6/Spodoptera_ornithogalli.jpg/330px-Spodoptera_ornithogalli.jpg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/ab/Nematocampa_resistaria.jpg/330px-Nematocampa_resistaria.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=pale beauty-alder.jpg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a5/Acronicta_fallax_male.jpg
https://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=blinded%20sphinx%20moth-black%20cherry.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=Imperial moth-pine.jpg
https://bugguide.net/images/cache/8Q1/02Q/8Q102QA0BQ2K5KTK5KOK8KAK5KNKQK10WQTK1QY0BQHSUQLSMKCKVQ1KUQJ08KY07KY0GK30GKCKVQO05Q6KHKT00K.jpg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/57/Archips_purpurana.jpg/800px-Archips_purpurana.jpg
https://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=the%20beggar-maple.jpg
http://www.nwf.org/NativePlantFinderAdmin/api/imageRender.aspx?filename=8-spotted forester moth.jpg
